Use *remote-node-steps* to generate a plugin that will let users execute
the module commands as [RemoteScriptNodeStep Plugins](http://rundeck.org/docs/developer/workflow-step-plugin.html#remotescriptnodestep-plugin). This allows rundeck to 
dispatch your module's command via the Node Executor (eg, SSH).
With your modules contained in the plugin, Rundeck will take care of
deploying the rerun modules to the remote host (as a rerun archive)
and execute the user's specified command.

Job writers will enjoy using your rerun modules as a plugins because
they can use the Rundeck GUI or text formats to define Job workflows.

You can specify a list of modules using a glob pattern. Every command
contained in your modules becomes a node step you can reference in
your job steps.

Imagine you have a module called "waitfor" that has a command called "ping" you'd
like to make accessible as a Job step.

The usage is as described below:

	$ rerun waitfor
	Available commands in module, "waitfor":
	ping: "wait for ping response from host"
	    --host <"">: "the host to reach"
	   [ --interval <30>]: "seconds between checks"

Create a plugin for it:

    rerun rundeck-plugin:remote-node-steps --modules waitfor --name waitfor

The `--modules` option specifies which list of modules to include.
The `--name` option gives your plugin a name.

Each command in the module will be exported as a plugin service named after the command using the _MODULE:COMMAND_ format (eg, waitfor:ping).

### Deploying the plugin

Copy the plugin archive to your rundeck:

    cp ./build/waitfor.zip $RDECK_BASE/libext

You should immediately be able to use the plugin.

### Defining Jobs using your step plugin

Once your module has been generated into a plugin you can call its commands as Job steps.

Listing: my-job.yaml

	- id: 7d53b629-2c9c-4c66-8585-87da82e3d668
	  name: 'my job'
	  description: 'a job that shows how to call a command in my plugin'  
	  loglevel: INFO
	  sequence:
	    keepgoing: false
	    strategy: node-first
	    commands:
	    - type: waitfor:ping
	      nodeStep: true
	      configuration:
	        host: google.com
	        interval: 30
	      description: this is a step description

You can see that the command 'type' is the MODULE:COMMAND (e.g., waitfor:ping).

Command options are expressed as 'configuration' properties (e.g., host and interval).

See [Document Format Reference / JOB-YAML](http://rundeck.org/docs/man5/job-yaml.html#plugin-step-entry)
for more about defining jobs in YAML files.

## SETUP

The plugin passes environment variables to the remote nodes.

Ensure `RD_*` environment variables are passed to remote nodes by configuring your sshd correctly.
See the [Rundeck Aministration Guide](http://rundeck.org/docs/plugins-user-guide/ssh-plugins.html#passing-environment-variables-through-remote-command)

## Project configuration

There might be cases where you want to hide a command option from the
job writer and runner. 
Instead you will make it configurable by the Rundeck adminsitrator.

Add the `RUNDECK_PLUGIN_CONFIG_SCOPE` property to the metadata file for the option
you want to make a project configuration variable (eg, `RUNDECK_PLUGIN_CONFIG_SCOPE=Project`):

	# option metadata
	# generated by stubbs:add-option
	# Wed Jul  8 18:18:38 PDT 2015
	NAME=api-key
	DESCRIPTION="the API Key used to access the server"
	ARGUMENTS=true
	REQUIRED=true
	SHORT=
	LONG=api-key
	DEFAULT=
	EXPORT=false
	RUNDECK_PLUGIN_CONFIG_SCOPE=Project
	RUNDECK_PLUGIN_CONFIG_RENDERINGOPTIONS_DISPLAYTYPE=PASSWORD

Your plugin will be built in such a way that the api-key is not presented
to the job writer as a plugin parameter.

If you are creating a new project via the CLI, you can configure the plugin like so:

	rd-project -a create -p myproject \
	    --project.plugin.RemoteScriptNodeStep.waitfor.api-key=3D5D004C-A9BC-476E-9162-6E176ADFF914


